<div class="letter">
<p>
Hello!
<p>
First of all thank you very much for your sponsorship, it was much
appreciated by Kai and I as it allowed us to get off on our little
jaunt, and I'm sure it will be appreciated almost as much by our two
charities, Amnesty International and the Christina Noble Children's
Foundation in Mongolia. The current total is £1570, though since we've
finished we've had a small flurry of donations.
<p>
Now on to what you have all been waiting for, the results! We arrived
at the finish line at approximately 4:57pm Mongolia time on Thursday
8th September, which I make 6 weeks, 4 days, 18 hours and 57 minutes,
having done 12,566 miles, or 20,223 km.
<p>
In the distance guess Rachel gets a special mention, as the only
person to overestimate, however we didn't quite hit the 30,000 mile
mark I'm afraid Rachel. Claudio's guess of 8425 miles was just pipped
by Sara and Rob's guess of 8454.4 miles. As Claudio said, we certainly
did more miles than planned.
<p>
In the time guess Larry and Gez both predicted 4th September, just
four days off, but my sister Maddy (Sara and Rob's niece, keeping it
in the family) managed a guess just 16 hours out!
<p>
Prizes will be distributed to those two lucky, or skilled, winners,
but if the rest of you would like to send me your address I will post
you a (very small) token of our appreciation.
<p>
The rally itself went pretty well for us, if you haven't been keeping
up our blog is at http://geekout.org.uk/ and a map of our trip is
here: http://hatz.ch/geekout/
<p>
Back to work for me tomorrow.
<p>
Thanks again, Jamie
</div>
If you've enjoyed our updates, and haven't already, maybe it's time to think about <a href="http://www.justgiving.com/teams/geekout/">donating</a>.
