The drive to Astana was very long but farily uneventful. If you have a look at the map you can see we drove
around a very large lake in the south of the country, which was an absolutely beautiful perfect terquoise
colour, not unlike the Kazakh flag, maybe that's where it comes from.

Darkness fell between 7 and 8 when we still had a considerable distance to go. By that point we'd driven 
for about 12 hours and covered about 3/4 of the 1100km (passing our 10,000th mile on the way). Passing
through K... there were a couple of signed detours along wurprisingly bad roads, considering that we were
travelling from Kazakhstan's biggest city to its capital. At one point I was following a couple of cars 
along a flyover when they drove around a small road block. I followed, not thinking much of it. Then we
came to another road block and both cars turned off the road. I followed. The road got smaller and smaller
until it was barely a dusty track. We crossed several railway tracks. Kai started to freak out. Just as I
was beginning to wonder if we should turn around we found tarmac again, and eventally met the main road 
again.

Reaching Astana at midnight we managed to find a hotel very quickly, and went straight to sleep. We'd been 
driving for 16 hours.

The stories of Astana we'd heard in Almarty led me to imagine something along the lines of Ashgabat, lots
of style but not much content. But actually it was pretty normal as things go. Kai and I went to see the
Norman Foster "tent" this morning. It looked disappointly small from the outside, but it does managed to 
contain a six story shopping mall. As a messeaure of how bright it is here, I took a picture *inside* the 
shopping mall at 1/60 f/4 ISO 100.

We're now rushin' to Russia. We'll probably camp tonight, hopefully inside Russia, and make Novisibisk
tomorrow.
