We've just reached the Czech Republic after spending a very pleasant evening
and morning in Dresden with Kai's friend Felix. Curry wurst was a bit
disappointing, think sausages swimming in slightly spicy tomato ketchup, but
Felix's traditional German aloo gobi for dinner and cold meat and boil egg
breakfast was excellent.

As Kai mentioned in the previous post our first stop was with his sister Jutta
and two other Amy Winehouse tribute acts in West Germany. Jutta proved more
observant than the two of us noticing almost immediately that our [Dunlop
sticker](http://www.flickr.com/photos/hendry/6226478005), provided my my
creative flatmate Larry, was spelt slightly unusually, with an extra "p" coming
after the "Dun".

We've been using a TomTom so far, and while it's very convenient I dislike them
intensely. It seems to me they remove all sense of where you are and where
you're going. The maps don't run out until at least Turkey :-/

Apparently you cannot use foreign bank cards in Iran. I wish I'd brought some
pounds with me as now I will be charged twice, once to withdraw the money
elsewhere and again to exchange within Iran.

Talking of Iran, we're already finding the car quite hot, Kai's thermometer
reading around 27C and the air from the vents seems to be constantly warm,
although maybe that's just the ambient temperature.

* Miles: 798.4
* Time: 2 days, 23 hours
* McDonald's visits: 2
* Accidents: 0

Over and out.

[[!tag Germany Czech]]

[[!inline  pages="page(./posts/*) and !*/Discussion" archive=yes
    feedshow=10 quick=yes trail=yes]]
