I'm sharing a wonderfully informative email by [Alan
Casey](https://www.flickr.com/photos/alancasey/), an Irishman I met in Korea. He
is married to an Iranian.

	As for things to do and places to see in Tehran, I would recommend the
	following:

	 - Golestan Palace in the middle of Tehan. This was the palace of the ruling
	Qajar dynasty which ruled Iran around the end of the 19th century
	immediately before the Pahlavis came to power.

	 - the Pahlavi (ie. the Shahs) palaces in the north of Tehran, namely
	Nievarand and Sadabad. Interestingly for me anyway, the mullahs have
	retained these monuments to decadence and opulence as tourist sites for the
	public. You can see rooms where the Shah hosted foreign heads of state such
	as Nixon, the Queen, et al. Enjoy a non-alcoholic beer in the grounds of
	Nievarand!

	 - the main Bazaar in the middle of Tehran, close to Golestan Palace. Has to
	be seen to be believed.

	 - the mosque right beside the bazaar. Not as spectacular as the mosques of
	Isfahan, but worth seeing nonetheless.

	 - the house where Khomeini lived. Was interesting for me anyway -  a very
	modest little house in the north of Tehran.

	 - Bobby Sands street near the British Embassy, if you know your Irish
	history..

	 - the compound where the US embassy used to be - not much to see here, but
	maybe if you recall the hostage crisis, then you might want to see it.

	 - outdoor restaurants in the north of Tehran in the foothills of the
	mountains. Great place to sit and seat and watch the world go by.


	 Places I haven't been to in Tehran but which might be worth seeing are:

	 - the mausoleum of Khomeini to the south of Tehran on the way to the new
	airport, called, surprise, surprise, Imaam Khomeini international airport!

	 - jewelly museum, we meant to go and see it once, but we hadn't time.

	 - Azadi tower built by the Shah. It's one of the more recognizable
	landmarks in Tehran.

	As for general info, remember that you can't wear shorts in Tehran. Sandals
	are fine though. Booze while illegal, can be obtained relatively easily if
	you in the company of Iranians. The Armenians normally supply the booze.
	Basically it's like ringing for a take-away when you order booze. Try and
	sample the local vodka, arak. You can get anything you want - the government
	are probably secretly siphoning off their cut from the importation of booze
	- it's all a bit of a sham really.

[[!tag iran tips]]
