We just made the Kazakhstan/Russia border by night fall. It was a little windy
and some of the coldest weather we've experienced since Europe. The Kazakh
guards were all very friendly, and unusually thorough.  Our car got its first
semi-decent search, they got us to take everything out of the boot and even had
a look at the spare, though not really checking the rest of the car. As ever
they asked beforehand if we were carrying any heroin. We proceeded to passport
control where my two passports were given even more attention than normal.
Slowly more and more senior officials were called, until a small huddle formed,
all looking at my passports in puzzled silence, as if they were trying to crack
a particularly hard maths problem or crossword clue. The trouble is, once
they've decided there's a problem they can't really just let you through
without loosing face, you have to come up with some new piece of evidence for
them to go "Aaaah, that's ok then." Eventually I pointed out, for the second
time, that upon entering the country I'd had both my visa (in my old passport)
stamped *and* my new passport stamped, and we were on our way.

Russia is a serious country and I was expecting a serious border, but it was
actually one of the easiest entries we've had. *The* easiest I would say, very
quick and straight forward.

By this time it was 9pm and very dark. We'd always planned to camp the other
side of the border as Novosibirsk was quite a drive away, and we'd had to leave
Kazakhstan as you have to register after five days and we were on our fifth
day. So we drove a little way into Russia, turned into a side road, drove
enough of a distance to be hidden from the road (so we thought) setup camp and
had noodles with egg for dinner. Again.

We were awoken by the sound of a vehicle. It was definitely coming towards us.
I knew it was going to stop at our tent. It stopped at our tent. There was a
shout. Probably in Russian. I reluctantly unzipped the door. There were three
Russian soldiers with guns standing around their Lada 4x4. Kai got up and I
started to pack away our things. We didn't share much in the way of language,
but once they'd seen our passports they left. We weren't sure if they wanted us
to leave or not, but three guys with guns worked pretty well as an alarm clock
and it was past 7am so we decided to leave, without even the cup of tea we'd
offered the soldiers.

[[!tag Kazakhstan Russia]]
