After camping near Kevron (where the M41 hits Afghanistan) on quite a nice spot
on the River (Afghanistan a stone throw away), we woke up to drive to
[[Horugh|Tajikistan]] is also known as Khorog, depending on how the Cyrillic is
transliterated.

We were feeling pretty bad because we were supposed to be in Khorog that night
in order to keep to the plan in doing the Pamirs in 3 days in order not to
overrun our Tajikistan visa.

When we finally arrived in Khorog around lunch we were delighted and surprised
that we caught up with the [Icelanders](http://mud-lab.com/) who we've hung out
before in Turkmenistan. We were convinced they were a day ahead of us, so we
were really surprised we somehow caught up with them.

We also came across an Ambulance rally team who were stuck in Khorog because of
some repairs they needed. They said they predicted they would only be in Almaty
on the 2nd of September (last Mongol Rally party is on the 3rd in UB). All this
time Jamie and I had thought we were running incredibly late. I'm writing this
from Almaty and we plan on leaving on the 29th, so we are days and days ahead
of that convoy we came across.

So we hastily pushed on east on the Pamir in convoy with Thor, Gunnar & Ale,
and we made good progress. The roads were actually quite alright, it was only
the first stretch around Khist it was crazy.

We didn't make Murgarb and at nightfall we found a "Yurt hotel" and we agreed
on 50USD to 5 of us to sleep there with dinner and breakfast.

I've never stayed in a yurt before, though after freezing my ass off in there
with a bit of altitude sickness (we were at 4200m+), I must say I am not keen
on ever staying in a yurt again. Our hostess was very nice, but it was clear to
me she was extremely poor so the food et al was pretty unsophisciated and
meagre by my snobbish standards.

The next day we made a bid for the border.
