So waking up in the yurt we packed up early for a dash to Murghab where we had been told
we should have been that morning and onto the border.  We met [Team
Almaty](http://brucealmaty.wordpress.com/author/brucealmaty/) and a South
African solo team named Guy there, which was nice. We also took on an Israeli
hitchhiker called Dal who was desperate to get to Bishkek by the 26th for a
flight to India, which was the same as our itinerary.

We were a bit nervous as we heard a couple of reports of challenging roads once
we set off. We went through one after another fearing that was worse to come,
and we were all surprised when we unexpectedly hit the border. The border was a
shack and it looked like a checkpoint that we've seen time and time again.

At this point we had a flat and another tyre had a bulge in the side the size
of a golf ball, so we did the Pamirs with some scars. As usual we completed a
major leg of the journey and it was an anti-climax. It is difficult to
celebrate when you're exhausted and there is no champagne. ;)

We pushed onto Osh and after some crazy night driving where there was far too
many animals and other dangers on the road. We checked into a LP recommendation
Hotel Altai and it was absolutely abysmal. Nothing worked, not even in the taps
in the room.

The next day we wanted to deal with the two tyres before setting off on the
10hr drive to Bishkek. We found the Machine Bizaare with the help of Team Bruce
Almaty and we hoped we could get everything sorted in a bit more than an hour.

Two hours later, blood, sweat, tears and ~30USD lighter we managed to get both
done. What was silly was that the power for the block was out, so it was
difficult to find a place that could swap the tyre. It also didn't help the
first second hand tyre we were sold had a massive hole in it. The next one was
the wrong size, slightly bigger. We didn't notice until we drove off with it.
So now when we hit a bump on the back right side, we can hear it hitting the
wheel arch!

Nonetheless we moved on with Dal still in the back. It soon transpired we could
not get close to Bishkek, and we managed to find a pleasant hotel in Totagul on
the way. Early next morning we aimed for Almaty.
