Jamie and I set off from Goodwood yesterday. What stress.

I moved several bags of my stuff down to West Sussex via Victoria and luckily a
friend was around to help with the move!

I met with Larry and Jamie at Shoreham-by-Sea and the next morning Larry
thankfully helped cleaned the car. He designed the our team "Geekout" logo and
a whole bunch of delightful stickers for our car.

When we eventually got to Goodwood via Google Navigate which took us to the
horse race course via some odd country lanes, the car looked a bit plain.
Though whilst Jamie and I were registering et al, Larry applied the decals.
Nice.

I was super stressed since I thought we might be off as early as 2pm and my
parents said they were running late and would probably arrive around er.. 2pm.
I told them to bring some BBQ stuff, but as it transpired, no BBQs are allowed
at Goodwood circuit, despite the fact there was only one catering van and quite
a large number of people. I became stressed & starved. Not a good start, though
my parents did see my off with heartfealt hugs.

So we set off for the Chunnel and after the buzz of going around the circuit,
Jamie almost hit a car as we were pulling out (he was looking the wrong way)!

So there were quite a few Mongol ralliers on the road to cross over to France.
Lots of waves and good spirits. We met a solo Belgian driver named Rick who
also has a CB radio. We chatted on the way to Folkstone which really helped
pass the time. There are quite a lot of ralliers, though I would estimate only
5-10% have CBs, so I doubt we are going to get much use out of of it.

350 miles or so later we arrived at JHQ via Queens Avenue. A British base my sister
was celebrating her last day on. Her and a couple of friends were dressed up
as Amy Winehouse and doing a tribute. Her friend Paul seemed genuinely
interested in our rally and we chatted for a bit and wound down with a German
beer.

The next day we woke early as Jutta had an early flight back to England, so we
left too. We said our goodbyes in the rain and now we are headed off to Dresden
to stay with a very good friend Felix from India. Actually he's German, but we
met in India.

[[!tag England Germany]]

[[!inline  pages="page(./posts/*) and !*/Discussion" archive=yes
    feedshow=10 quick=yes trail=yes]]
