After being frankly disappointed by Samarkland town, I was looking forward to
getting into Tajkistan to do the Pamirs.

We crossed from Denov from the south as advised by our kind host Zafar.
Unfortunately the direct border has been closed from 2001. So it was quite a
long drive and thankfully we did find a place with petrol along the way.

For the first time we looked close at our Tajik visas and my heart sank as I
saw the visa expires on the 24th and it was the 21st. I allocated 1 week in my
mind to do Pamirs, there was no way we could do it!

The Uzbek/Tajik border near Denov was probably our quickest, but we had to pay
10USD bribe / dodgy admin fee and the car insurance seemed to be negotiable
from 45USD down to 25USD. All very silly.

Getting into Dashunbe in darkness was not so bad, since there was good car I
followed all the way into town. I was copying his every move and flinch through
pothoed roads. Next finding the recommended hostel "Adventurer's Inn" must have
consumed a good hour, but we found it after a taxi driver rode with us for
5USD.

We then tried to get some food which is always seems to be a chore. Everyone
eats at sundown and then seemingly closes up. Nonetheless we ordered an
expensive Chinese take out, which later transpired could have fed four.

Jamie chatted to the English and rag tag bunch of "adventurers" in the Inn.
Most if not all were cycling or motorbiking the Pamirs. Although many of them
tooks weeks if not an entire month, though they all agreed we could do it in
the time we had.

* Down south from Dushanbe to Kulob, up and around to Horugh should take 15hrs (22nd)
* Horugh to Murghab (23rd)
* Mughab to the Kyrgyz border for the 24th (the same day the visa expires)

Tbh I previously thought Osh was in Tajikistan, so I agreed to do this plan.
Previously I assumed we had to go straight up to Kyrgystan to avoid
over-running our visa.


## The Pamirs

So we woke early. Jamie had a bad night sleep as there weren't any free beds
that night. I had the shits all night, so I pledged I would not eat meat again.

Once we reached the Pamirs we knew. There is a roaring river seperating
Afghanistan and Tajikistan, and it was stunning.  The road was quite
challenging at first, then we later got used it and in fact started to enjoy
it.

