After Mary we though we could cross the border at Turkmenabat that day, though
we decided to have a look at Merv. There was an old hill that was once a
settlement in 100AD or something, though the area was quite nice. Just lacking
some good information about it, since we were without Internet or a guide.

On the way to Turkmenabat Jamie and I hit a low point. Jamie got the car stuck
on sand and the people helped us out of us then demanded money for their
generosity. Not cool.

By the time we approached Turkmenabat at 5-6pm, it was far too late to cross
the border. We then spent another hour or two trying to find a hotel. We
eventually found the LP recommend one, but they said we must go to the new
Jehun hotel. This is typical Turkmenistan weirdness. Foreigners are denied a
stay in any hotel. Also it's quite hard to get A-95 fuel, unless you're a VIP
or something.

At the hotel we found Team America who had been hanging around for hours they
claim which we found surprising and a little depressing since we honestly tried
to push that day. Nonetheless we enjoyed Lex & Jeff's company, whilst geeking
out with a few beers.

The next day (today), we aimed for the border. Team America had to fill up, so
we had a head start. The border experience was once again a kafka-esque
experience that I'm trying to forget. Firstly it was near impossible to _find
the border_ since there were no signs. We had to pay a small "fine" on the
Uzbek side since Jamie drove through the disinfectant pool too fast, which was
not true. We were at the border for over four hours and strangely we didn't see
Team America. I wonder where they are. We did bump into the Mongolian team
again, which was nice. They escaped Turkmenistan by paying a 42USD fine for
overstaying their visa, since they were waiting for their Uzbek visa.
**Nightmare**.

Finally I'm here in Bukhara, home of the [Great
Game](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Great_Game). We're in the old city which
feels like a bit of an oasis. A few French tourists, another Mongol Rally car
and sweet Internet. Roaming on my mobile also works to great relief. It wasn't
working on the border.

[There was one positive to take from the Uzbek border crossing, it was the first
border where I had to use a visa in my old passport. The guards just laughed at
me. One down, three to go. Jamie]

[ps, Team America have just emailed to say that we missed a step and the border guards were saying that we should go back :-/]
