We arrived after sunset in Yazd and begun the search for a hotel/hostel after
stopping at a juice shop next to the main mosque.

The three of us wandered around after a drink with the over-friendly juice bar owner. I
noticed a blonde youth lying on the lawn before the mosque and I approached him
and three other shrouded persons. Turned out to be four Germans returning from
volunteering in India to my surprise.

We chatted like excited travellers do, since I have not seen a European in Iran
since arriving. I casually commented that travelling through Pakistan into Iran
via Quetta must be dangerous and indeed it was for these Germans!

Evidently a mad religious gun man killed a host of people at a bus stop near
the border, forcing them to catch a plane instead. Crazy.

Anyway we commented on how friendly Iranians were and how badly our press at
home dealt with the situation.

The Germans had been staying a few days and they recommended a cheap hostel, so
that was good. The Germans left for Turkey and I spent some time looking at the
Mosque.

A group of friendly Iraqis approached me to join them with a Hookah. I chatted
with them in broken English and I was trying to say that wasn't Iran/Iraq on
bad terms? They dismissed my comment as that was Saddam Hussien. I asked them
why they were in Yazd, and they said because it's not as hot as Iraq.

I'm not sure if they were joking, because Yazd is bonkers hot. The
topic for the young guys turned to football and after trying to big up the
Spurs, I made my excuses and left.

I then chatted to the Hostel owner in German and then English, and he told me
an interesting story about Yazd. This was prempted with my story that I was
on the Mongol rally. He asked if I noticed the small corridors/streets of Yazd
with the high walls. Yes, I said. He then said Genghis Khan sacked Yazd, though
after some losses. Genghis layed siege to the city after losing many men to the
traps that were these corridors that exist today. And he lost men because if
you are not in the city of Yazd, you fall prey to its inhospitable conditions.
Genghis won eventually and destroyed the mosque completely to show his anger.
Must try confirm these stories.

[[!tag iran kai]]
